# Client app for twitchsafeplaylists.com

### Link:

<a href='https://www.twitchsafeplaylists.com'>Twitch Safe Playlists</a>

<hr/>

### The Idea:

Twitch© recently unveiled its DJ program, which includes a list of "restricted artists" that DJs on the platform are prevented from playing in future live streams.

DJs on the platform also often curate playlists via Spotify© to use in their live streams ("Community Playlist" streams, VIP channel redemptions, etc).

For DJs who do, the client app will remove any artists found in the submitted playlist link that match against the "restricted artist" list provided by Twitch© here.

The app also removes anything not classified by Spotify© as an individual song (podcast episodes, sound fx, entire albums, etc).

The resulting playlist generated by Spotify will be free of any "restricted artists" and non-music tracks for use in your next Twitch© live stream.

<hr/>

### Development Stack Involved:

* React (client app)
* AWS Lambda (back end logic for song validation & playlist creation)
* S3/CloudFront (client hosting & configuration)
* API Gateway/Route 53 (back end requests and domain routing)

<hr/>

### Instructions:

Simply paste in a valid, public Spotify playlist URL into the field and click "Get Safe Playlist" to initiate the playlist creation process, which typically will take less than 30 seconds to complete.

<hr/>

### Known Limitations:

For this app's intended use case, a typical playlist will contain somewhere between 300 and 600 individual songs.  This app has been tested for playlists contains up to 1k songs without issue.  Larger playlists may and likely will time out, returning an error message which prompts the user to submit a different playlist link.

### Future Development:

If requested, I can add an option in the UI to include the "invalid tracks" that are currently removed in the new playlist creation process.

<hr/>

Marcus McBride, 2024.